feat(curriculum): restructured expense tracker python project (#52639)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-lambda-functions-by-building-an-expense-tracker/65824111a09164518320088d.md

---
id: 65824111a09164518320088d
title: Step 21
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-21
---

# --description--

The `filter()` function allows you to select items from an iterable, such as a list, based on the output of a function: 

```py
filter(my_function, my_list)
```

> `filter()` returns an iterator in which are included the elements of `my_list` for which `my_function` returns `True`. An iterator is a special object that enables you to iterate over the elements of a collection, like a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`filter()` returns an iterator that includes the elements of `my_list` for which `my_function` returns `True`. An iterator is a special object that enables you to iterate over the elements of a collection, like a list.
```
